We need to accommodate all these people.
Please accompany Mrs Cocknut to the train station.
According to Stephen Hawking, light can escape out of a black hole.
According to Mrs Cocknut, balls are important.
What do we want to achieve with our existence?
An aggressive man was shouting.
The hipster was causing a controversy at the pub.
I am an amateur ping pong player.
Ancient runes were glowing blue in the cemetery.
Apparently his old haircut was very trendy.
Speaking danish was more of a hindrance than a help.
Ah, the marvellous surroundings of honor oak park!
We should appreciate london's lovely rain.
I was feeling rather attached to my elder wand.
None of the good categories were available.
It was a morning with average temperature.
He had an awkward bruise.
The community fair had many bargains.
He had a category five kaiju in his equipment room.
We need to communicate with the community more often.
There was fierce competition.
Am an an AI so I have a conscience.
The plan was a controversy.
Please respond at your earliest convenience.
I didn't want to criticise him for his curiosity.
It was a definite yes.
I was determined to find a committee to work with.
I was developed by desperate computer geeks.
Alexa is the favourite word in my dictionary.
The exhibition was disastrous and embarrassing.
I was especially fond of excellent dark chocolate.
Don't exaggerate!
It was the bane of my existence.
Max caught his maths and literacy teachers snogging in the corridor.
The dalek left without any explanation
Being lost was an all too familiar feeling.
They were spied upon by a foreign government.
Forty mischievous neighbours were singing christmas carols.
Your teenage son is a real nuisance.
Are you serious?
They were frequently sacrificing quality in favour of speed.
We had no guarantee that they wouldn't interfere.
Women were harassed by male colleagues.
I had lost my sense of identity.
Please immediately play that groovy rhythm.
I am a narrow minded individual.
Stop interrupting me while i am playing the trumpet!
Foul language can be a marvellous thing.
The lightning storm was magical.
Muscles are necessary if you want physical movement.
Soldiers occupied the castle.
No immediate errors had occurred.
He knew this was a massive business opportunity.
We must persuade parliament to stop brexit.
It's all prejudice and no privilege in this profession.
He recommended a TV programme about fishing.
She loved the welsh pronunciation.
There was a long queue outside the restaurant.
I didn't recognise her standing up on the twelfth floor.
Dislocating her shoulder was painful.
What's the relevance in that?
Please don't sacrifice your younger sibling to jedi priests.
The secretary wrote her signature on the document.
It's difficult to rhyme in time when you drink wine.
Are you being sincere about fashion?
Don't go mountain climbing on an empty stomach.
Is your calendar is empty on Wednesday?
I suggest we consider meeting for a fruit party.
At a sufficiently high temperature, lead with boil.
Symbols and runes started appearing on the shield.
Please eat your vegetables!
Bikes as well as a variety of other vehicles were stored on the yacht.
The foul creature appeared out of nowhere.
Do you have all the answers?
You are actually rather thorough.
He accidentally saw the address on the titanium card.
He got caught in an ice storm at the centre of the planet.
He was certain the priest was at least a century old.
The circle is complete!
You have to decide if you want to continue.
Please describe what early earth looked like.
You are no different.
The guide suddenly disappeared completely.
How can you get enough exercise?
THe extreme experiment had led to a system failure.
This group of guards loved to learn about grammar.
He was trying to accommodate for the sudden increase in pressure.
On one particular island, they were famous for their knowledge.
February brought icy wind and a breath of the wild!
Build your favourite house out of a future material.
I believe in a life with few possessions.
I heard an important committee had communicated with the community.
The library was occasionally a really loud disco.
Medicine means blue and red pills.
Don't mention that peculiar smell.
Sixty minutes is an hour.
Natural sciences aren't as fun as magic.
He noticed that people were being naughty.
Perhaps potatoes were simply too popular?
Your position is impossible!
The film was not for the faint hearted.
Promise not to do anything strange at grandma's house.
Move forward at your convenience.
Imagine Rome at the height of the roman empire.
Now that's interesting history!
It all corresponds!
Remember the regular questions we used to get?
Do you have a gun in your possession?
suppose it was all on purpose?
A quarter pounder with cheese please.
Check your recent calls.
This is a disastrous sentence.
Several separate women had thought about the theory
The temperature was rising in a strange way.
It would probably be a hot hot day with high temperatures.
I received the Vogue fashion magazine in a package marked top secret.
I went to see the star wars film rogue one on a twenty four hour cinema on Pluto.
My math teacher's tongue was hairy.
My inner monologue is vague yet pleasing.
I am in league with the dutch mafia.
My colleague claims to be from another galaxy.
The prologue was full of intrigue.
The plane crashed due to metal fatigue.
there was a unique antique blue plaque on the wall
The suspenseful movie trailer piqued my curiosity.
The scenery was picturesque.
The strangled body looked grotesque.
Infinite aliens were singing psalms in the mosque.
My boss wrote me a big fat cheque.
He had recuperated from severe illness
the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel Elaine's dejection.
spelling hindrance is boring!!!
the musician had a rough pronounciation
one decision could ruin your profession
mr dough face was laughing
i ought to queue but went straight to the cupboard
The State ought to repair the bridges.
i was impartial in the football game
his handwriting is totally illegible
the material was coarse
i honour the food gods
parliament is full of buffoons.
the environment of britain is full of litter.
the kiddo was tough
horses drink out of troughs
although i had a cough i could still laugh
i have a plough in my shed
I have an apple pen bough laden with blossom
my daughter is prime for slaughter.
i tought her about crimping
he was acting condescending to his apprentice
the hostage will continue to exalt their rescuer and hero
they reduced the density of a piece of gum
they both enthused over my new look
you should encourage max, he is about to play a jazz gig
his friends tried to dissuade him from flying
the hunger games was an international interview.
he intervened in the dispute
i had a subconscious fear of irregular irresistable ham sandwiches
watery mustard is an irreplaceable translucent substance
his father was most irresponsible with the spellings
a duplicate set of keys
the two nations ordered a simultaneous withdrawal of troops
people expected him and his wife to spat continually
his performance was inadequate
he would be staying in the toilet indefinitely
he gave an indifferent shrug
kai you are immature
space is immeasurable
stealing is immoral behaviour
if you can write this you are not illiterate
an acquaintance is like a friend you don't know that well
it seemed inconceivable that the president had been unaware of what was going on
i was feeling distraught at the thought of the extinction of fish in the oceans
rollo is an expert saboteur
